Automatically spin up proxy when running proxy-based Smokey tests (#1238)
alphagov/smokey: README.md

### Run the test suite from your machine

Read "[Environment variables](#environment-variables)" for an explanation of the environment variables used in the examples below.

*Run Smokey against Production*:

```sh

> ENVIRONMENT=production

Reviewer: You're no longer setting this in the environment, but the app still needs to see it.
```suggestion
export ENVIRONMENT=production
```

SIGNON_EMAIL="<email-address>" \
SIGNON_PASSWORD="<password>" \

> bundle exec cucumber --tags="not @not$ENVIRONMENT"

Reviewer: Could avoid putting this on the user by making the default in config/cucumber.yml. (It [supports ERB](https://cucumber.io/docs/cucumber/configuration/?lang=ruby).)

Author: Thanks, I'll give profiles more thought in a future PR. Have pushed up a commit to tidy up these examples.

```

You can test integration or staging by changing the value of `ENVIRONMENT`, but you need to be connected to the VPN.

> Smokey can also be run against our any one of the GOV.UK mirrors. Only scenarios that test 'static' features work on the mirror, so there's no need to provide Signon credentials for these tests.

Reviewer: Avoid passive voice (and some extraneous detail).
```suggestion
You can run Smokey against the GOV.UK mirrors. The mirror tests are tagged `@worksonmirror`.
```

*Run Smokey against the primary mirror*:

```sh
ENVIRONMENT=production \
GOVUK_PROXY_PROFILE=mirrorS3 \
bundle exec cucumber --tags="@worksonmirror"
```

> Finally, Smokey can be run against the failover CDN, Cloudfront.
> 

Reviewer: Redundant with the next line.
```suggestion
```

*Run Smokey against the failover CDN*:

```sh
ENVIRONMENT=production

FAILOVER_CDN_HOST="<distribution>.cloudfront.net" \
GOVUK_PROXY_PROFILE=failoverCDN \
SIGNON_EMAIL="<email-address>" \
SIGNON_PASSWORD="<password>" \
bundle exec cucumber --tags="not @not$ENVIRONMENT and not @notcloudfront"
```

> ### Running the proxy in isolation

Reviewer: House style (avoid present continuous in headings)
```suggestion
### Run the proxy in isolation
```

When running Smokey against the failover CDN or mirrors, Smokey automatically proxies all requests through `GovukProxy`.

> You can run the proxy in isolation, which is a useful debug tool, as it's otherwise quite difficult to view the mirrors or failover CDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help debug test failures, you can view pages through the proxy in your web browser.
```

In each example below, visit <http://127.0.0.1:8080> to see what the proxy is doing.

Proxy to the mirror:

```sh
GOVUK_PROXY_PROFILE=mirrorS3Replica ruby govuk_proxy_runner.rb
```

Proxy to the failover CDN:

```sh
FAILOVER_CDN_HOST="<distribution>.cloudfront.net" GOVUK_PROXY_PROFILE=failoverCDN ruby govuk_proxy_runner.rb
```

Debug mode (useful for confirming the host and headers you've set in `govuk_proxy_profiles.rb` are being applied):

```sh
GOVUK_PROXY_PROFILE=debug ruby govuk_proxy_runner.rb
```

### Environment variables

You can use the following environment variables to configure the tests:

* `ENVIRONMENT`: controls domains returned by
  [Plek](https://github.com/alphagov/plek) (see
  [env.rb](https://github.com/alphagov/smokey/blob/19c21ac/features/support/env.rb#L9-L21)).

* `SIGNON_EMAIL` and `SIGNON_PASSWORD`: credentials for a Signon user in $ENVIRONMENT.

>   Note that Smokey cannot use a Signon account which has multi-factor authentication enabled.

Reviewer: House style (and general rule of thumb in tech writing)
```suggestion
  Smokey cannot use a Signon account which has multi-factor authentication enabled.
```
